well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
the will of the people we're gonna talk
about a United America we're gonna talk
about blame personal responsibility
we're going to talk about following the
teachings and we're going to do that in
the aims of getting toward some root
causes do a little root cause analysis
because the die is cast we know where
we're headed in 2020 we know what one of
the major election issues is going to be
because a whole bunch of Republicans
Senators and Representatives although I
am loath to use that term as you are
about to find out they're not
representative of the people while they
sent a letter and because of that the
media is going to do its job and they're
gonna paint this issue as divisive the
United States is divided it's
irreconcilable we will never be able to
work this out we need Big Daddy
government to step in and save the day
because we are at each other's throats
but we're not there's polling data on
this a lot of it it's all pretty much
the same most recent one I found 13
percent of Americans want Roe vs. Wade
overturned 13 percent so for 13 percent
of the population the Republican Party
got together and asked the Supreme Court
to revisit this now Roe versus Wade is
symbolic there's actually a whole lot of
other legal precedents involved but when
people say Roe versus Wade they're
talking about abortion 13% of Americans
want it gone
there were ten percent that were unsure
undecided when that poll was taking so
let's get them all to them twenty three
percent twenty three percent of
Americans want it gone we're just going
to say that every single person that was
undecided decided that they wanted
overturned they want it gone
seventy seven percent of Americans agree
can you name any other topic that
America is this united on this isn't a
divisive issue I think the Republicans
have made a grand a mistake here there's
a little bit of nuance to it
twenty six percent want to keep it but
add a few more restrictions sixteen
percent want to keep it as is fourteen
percent want to keep it with less
restrictions and twenty one percent one
it's like McDonald's anywhere anytime
for any reason they want it expanded so
to be clear there are more people that
won't completely unfettered access then
want it overturned seventy seven percent
of Americans agree on this topic the
government the GOP cannot pretend that
they're being representative of the will
of the people on this one they have
fallen into a trap that happens on
social media you're most vocal
supporters aren't actually
representative of all of your
constituents but the dies casts here we
are
what's it about really thirteen percent
no politician does something for
thirteen percent they're doing it
because it's a base it's a base they're
going after that that Christian
theocracy the good Christians but here's
the funny thing if they actually follow
the teachings of Jesus the demand would
be greatly lessened may be gone now
Jesus and miracles healing the sick
feeding people helping the poor
man could you imagine with what happened
to the demand for those services if we
had health care food security and work
to end poverty if there was opportunity
some social mobility things might change
but see actually following the teachings
of Jesus well that's hard that's hard
it's much easier to just find a
scapegoat to find people to look down on
kickdown instead of punching up instead
of working it's funny because most
people that are adamantly anti-abortion
are older than I am they're part of that
generation that looks down at the
younger people says that they're lazy
and entitled meanwhile they want to use
the government's gun to do something
that 77 percent of Americans don't want
and at the end of the day it's their
fault it's their fault they turned a
blind eye to the corporate takeover of
the United States it's funny because
they want to regulate everybody else's
life in the bedroom but they said
nothing when their representative or
their senator hopped into bed with any
company that would cut him a check and
that's how the policies got made
and they just said nothing played along
because it was okay for them at the time
when you look at the Republican Party
and you look at their policies you
realize they're not very
forward-thinking
they're not looking to the future
they're trying to appease the past
they're trying to cling to something
that just doesn't exist anymore and it
doesn't exist because it didn't work it
didn't work and rather than admit that
their ideas were wrong well they got to
find a scapegoat they got to find
somebody to blame it on the immigrants a
religious minority a racial minority
wait women won't power oh no no no we
had to do something about that you need
to stay in the back with your little
baby lady brain let us take care of it
and that's what this is about it's about
an exercise of power
the government has no business in this
none none we see that when the
legislation gets proposed you have you
have representatives at the state level
proposing impossible medical procedures
because they don't understand it they
have no idea what they're doing if you
want a Christian society fine but follow
his teachings that'd be a pretty cool
place actually and the ultimate irony of
this is is that those that support the
Christian Right or not even the
Christian Right those politicians that
pretend they're part of the Christian
Right to get their vote those that
support them there they're not following
any of the teachings and you find out
very quickly that most of those crazy
liberal ideas that Jesus you know would
have supported their proposed by people
who are a lot of times atheists agnostic
you've got to work pretty hard to hate
so much that you want to scapegoat
everybody anybody that's not like you
you wanted to deny power to anyone that
isn't like you
atheists are inadvertently following the
teachings of Jesus more closely than
those people that scream that their
Christian you want that kind of society
it'd be a pretty cool place the actual
teachings of Jesus love thy neighbor
let's start there
I know it's a lot harder than just
blaming people curious if the GOP has
any policies that don't require a
scapegoat anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night